as you may know you can tell your
fortune
I just ate using that phrase with
regular playing cards regular playing
cards are almost exactly like the Minor
Arcana in a tarot deck so say you're on
friends place and no no say you are the
friends cottage and you are so bored
and there is actually no Wi-Fi and you
want to play as if you had a tarot deck
but you know not one but there's a
regular deck of playing cards can you do
it yes you can fear this tarot card
person without a tarot card act how do
you tell which suit and a regular deck
of playing cards is which suit in a
tarot deck mm-hmm
fearless tarot reader are you ready okay
hearts what hurts about all rights are
about is what is the suit in the Minor
Arcana that deals with feelings cups
okay
next diamonds diamonds are mine where
are diamonds mined from the earth what
are they a form of stone what are stones
Pentacles or stones or discs or Danny's
yeah you get the idea
okay loves em okay like it seven please
explain to me why clubs are illustrated
with words like what it is not way to be
confusing hello anyway just ignore the
whole clover type illustration there and
let's just stick with the word clubs
what the clubs look like they look like
long things that can also be called
staves or wads or alright last suit
spades in the real world what our stage
like ugly things and have this metal the
bottom that's pointing so what else is
metal and sharp and pointy the words yes
so according to our system hearts equals
cups diamonds equal stones clubs equals
wands chichi and spades if people swords